Page listing business account features (#251)
BlockSigner/cove: site/content/english/features-business.md

---
title: Skribble – Legally binding electronic signatures with Skribble
description: Easily handle digital signature processes – legally binding in accordance with Swiss & EU law.

draft: false
slug: business-features
type: business-features
# opengraph image (for facebook and twitter)
# og_image: og/og-skribble-identification.jpg

---

{{% content class="no-bottom-padding" %}}
{{% heading %}}
# Business features

> Skribble Business customers sign as an organization - with <br class="hide-for-mobile">central member administration and joint billing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skribble Business customers sign oranised as a group - with <br class="hide-for-mobile">with centralised member administration and joint billing.
```

{{% /heading %}}
{{% /content %}}

{{< picture skribble-biz-ui-en 1020 "Skribble Business-Account - benutzeroberfläche" >}}

{{< features-container >}}

  {{< features-item src="features-biz/abrechnung.svg" 
    headline="Select price model per member" 
    description="Activate the flat rate model for frequent signers and reduce your costs.">}}

  {{< features-item src="features-biz/preismodell.svg" 

>     headline="Joint accounting" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    headline="Joint billing" 
```

    description="The entire organisation is invoiced at the end of the month by invoice.">}}

  {{< features-item src="features-biz/mitgliederverwaltung.svg" 

>     headline="Central member administration" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    headline="Centralised member administration" 
```

    description="Add new members, adjust their pricing model and assign administration rights.">}}

> 

Reviewer: Hier noch Whitelisting-Feature ergänzen:

Whitelist your domain
Anyone who registers with Skribble using an e-mail address from your company automatically becomes a member of your business account.

Author: Implemented :-)

  {{< features-item src="features-biz/activity.svg" 
    headline="Activity overview" 
    description="Keep track of what's happening in your business account, filtered by date, activity and more.">}}

  {{< features-item src="features-biz/kostendegression.svg" 

>     headline="Cost degression" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    headline="Decreasing costs" 
```

>     description="The more signatures, the cheaper the piece. The more flat users, the cheaper the flat rate.">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description="The more signatures, the lower the unit price. The more flat users, the cheaper the flat rate.">}}
```

  {{< features-item src="features-biz/rechnungshistorie.svg" 
    headline="Invoice history" 
    description="View the current and all past invoices at any time.">}}
{{< /features-container >}}

{{% content class="no-bottom-padding" %}}
{{% heading %}}
# Skribble Business embeds itself <br class="hide-for-mobile">into your existing infrastructure
The onboarding of new signers is intuitive and fast.
{{% /heading %}}
{{% /content %}}

{{< features-container >}}

  {{< features-item src="features-biz/api-integration.svg" 
    headline="API integration" 

>     description="Connect Skribble to your existing software and sign directly from your familiar tools.">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description="Connect Skribble to your existing software and sign directly from your usual tools.">}}
```

> 

Reviewer: Hier noch API-Generierungs-Feature ergänzen

Generate your own API keys
Create and manage your API keys for testing or production purposes.

Author: Implemented!

> 

Reviewer: Hier noch API-Generierungs-Feature ergänzen:

Generate your own API keys
Create and manage your API keys for testing or production purposes.

> 

Reviewer: Hier noch API-Generierungs-Feature ergänzen:

Generate your own API keys
Create and manage your API keys for testing or production purposes.

  {{< features-item src="features-biz/direct-sign.svg" 
    headline="Direct sign" 
    description="External people do not need to have a Skribble account to sign your documents.">}}

  {{< features-item src="features-biz/onboarding.svg" 

>     headline="Onboarding via company e-mail" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    headline="Onboarding via company email address" 
```

>     description="With just a few clicks you enable the whole organization to sign, additional identification is not necessary.">}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description="With a few clicks you enable the whole organisation to sign, additional identification is not necessary (AES standard).">}}
```

{{< /features-container >}}

[//]: # (--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------)

{{< testimonial "testimonial/fr-logo-99w.svg" "Stéphane Schwab, Head of E-Government, State of Fribourg" >}}
"Thanks to Skribble, we can digitize administrative processes from A to Z. <br class="hide-for-mobile">This makes everyday life easier for <br class="hide-for-mobile">us and our customers." {{< /testimonial >}}

[//]: # (--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------)

{{% content class="no-bottom-padding" %}}
{{% heading %}}

> # The right on-board <br class="hide-for-mobile">for every signature standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Organisation-wide implementation <br class="hide-for-mobile">is simple and fast 
```

> Choose the optimal on-boarding process for your organization.<br class="hide-for-mobile">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable new and existing employees to sign electronically in the shortest possible time.<br class="hide-for-mobile">
```

> For contracts without a formal requirement (FES) or <br class="hide-for-mobile">a written agreement (QES) we offer the following possibilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose the onboarding process that fits your requirements for legal weight or the desired signature standard.```

{{% /heading %}}
{{% /content %}}

[//]: # (--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------)

{{< side-by-side >}}
{{< picture onboarding-aes-en 460 "A big contract (FES) with a house and tree" >}}
{{% richtext %}}

> ## On-Boarding for FES

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## On-Boarding for the advanced electronic signature (AES)
```

> Organization-wide implementation with just a few clicks. Ideal for contracts without formal requirements.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organisation-wide implementation with a few clicks.
Suitable for contracts without formal requirements.<br>
```

{{< button
  "Download Factsheet"
  "de/pricing"
  "_blank"
  "outline">}}

{{% /richtext %}}
{{< /side-by-side >}}

[//]: # (--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------)

{{< side-by-side >}}
{{< picture onboarding-qes-en 380 "A large contract (QES) with a court" >}}

{{% richtext %}}

> ## On-Boarding for QES

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## On-Boarding for the qualified electronic signature (QES)

> The all-round, carefree solution for every type of contract, ideal for contracts with a requirement for writing.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identification services for highest demands on the legal weight of the signature.
Suitable for contracts with formal requirements.<br>
```

---
title: Skribble – Legally binding electronic signatures with Skribble
description: Easily handle digital signature processes – legally binding in accordance with Swiss & EU law.

draft: false
slug: business-features
type: business-features
# opengraph image (for facebook and twitter)
# og_image: og/og-skribble-identification.jpg

---

{{% content class="no-bottom-padding" %}}
{{% heading %}}
# Business features

> Skribble Business customers sign oranised as a group - with <br class="hide-for-mobile">with centralised member administration and joint billing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Skribble Business customers sign organised as a group - with <br class="hide-for-mobile">with centralised member administration and joint billing.
```
